Mayfair, you have suffered all these years.
Don't worry, your adoptive parents?
I'll give them a big thank you fee
Thank you for building the house
Adopting a sister's family is a second-rate project
My sister is not wronged
nonsense
Daughter is not there
Our family has not lived the most luxurious life
Just wronged
Mom is right
Ever since I was a child, I knew I was adopted.
So over the years I have lived every day like a year
Daughter, you are wronged.
You can tell mom anything you want.
Mom will definitely satisfy you.
Mom, I don't ask for anything else
It's just that I was often bullied by someone at school
Who dares to bully my daughter Zhao Xiaoyue?
What!
Could you be mistaken?
What trash can Zhao Xiaoyue lift?
Why does he like you?